README.md, before:

Microsoft Office Module
==============

Gets data about MS Office applications, licensing, and updates on the clients.

To disable the msupdate binary parts, run the following on the client:
`sudo defautls write org.munkireport.ms_office msupdate_check_disabled -bool true`
`sudo defautls write org.munkireport.ms_office msupdate_config_disabled -bool true`

* channelname - VARCHAR(255) - Name of the channel MAU uses to check for updates
* howtocheck - VARCHAR(255) - How MAU checks for updates
* lastcheckforupdates - VARCHAR(255) - Local time of client when MAU last checked for updates
* manifestserver - VARCHAR(255) - Manifest server MAU uses, if set
* o365_license_count - INT(11) - How many Office 365 license were counted on client
* o365_detected - boolean - If at least one Office 365 license was detected
* shared_o365_license - boolean - Shared Office 365 license detected
* enablecheckforupdatesbutton - boolean - Check for updates button enabled
* sendalltelemetryenabled - boolean - MAU to send telemetry or not
* disableinsidercheckbox - boolean - If insider checkbox is disabled
* startdaemononapplaunch - boolean - MAU daemon launches on app start
* updatecache - VARCHAR(255) - MAU's update cache location, if set
* vl_license_type - VARCHAR(255) - Perpetual license type
* registeredapplications - longtext - JSON array of applications registered with MAU and if they have an update
* mau_privilegedhelpertool - boolean - If MAU helper tool is installed
* autoupdate_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - MAU version
* autoupdate_mas - boolean - If MAU is from MAS
* excel_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Excel version
* excel_mas - boolean - If Excel is from MAS
* excel_office_generation - INT(11) - Excel generation (2016/2019)
* onedrive_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - OneDrive version
* onedrive_mas - boolean - If OneDrive is from MAS
* onenote_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - OneNote version
* onenote_mas - boolean - If OneNote is from MAS
* onenote_office_generation - INT(11) - OneNote generation (2016/2019)
* outlook_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Outlook version
* outlook_mas - boolean - If Outlook is from MAS
* outlook_office_generation - INT(11) - Outlook generation (2016/2019)
* powerpoint_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - PowerPoint version
* powerpoint_mas - boolean - If PowerPoint is from MAS
* powerpoint_office_generation - INT(11) - PowerPoint generation (2016/2019)
* remote_desktop_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Remote Desktop version
* remote_desktop_mas - boolean - If Remote Desktop is from MAS
* skype_for_business_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Skype for Business version
* skype_for_business_mas - boolean - If Skype for Business is from MAS
* word_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Word version
* word_mas - boolean - If Word is from MAS
* word_office_generation - INT(11) - Word generation (2016/2019)

Commit message:

Add note about 10.14+ to readme

README.md, after:

Microsoft Office Module
==============

Gets data about MS Office applications, licensing, and updates on the clients.

## Notes

On 10.14 and higher, the end users will get a prompt about allowing "supervisor" to have access to control "Microsoft AutoUpdate". The end users will either have to click "OK" to allow it or you will have to allow it with a TCC profile. Alternatively, you can disable the sections of the script that use the "Microsoft AutoUpdate" binary that triggers the prompt. To disable the msupdate binary parts, run the following on the client:
`sudo defautls write org.munkireport.ms_office msupdate_check_disabled -bool true`
`sudo defautls write org.munkireport.ms_office msupdate_config_disabled -bool true`


* channelname - VARCHAR(255) - Name of the channel MAU uses to check for updates
* howtocheck - VARCHAR(255) - How MAU checks for updates
* lastcheckforupdates - VARCHAR(255) - Local time of client when MAU last checked for updates
* manifestserver - VARCHAR(255) - Manifest server MAU uses, if set
* o365_license_count - INT(11) - How many Office 365 license were counted on client
* o365_detected - boolean - If at least one Office 365 license was detected
* shared_o365_license - boolean - Shared Office 365 license detected
* enablecheckforupdatesbutton - boolean - Check for updates button enabled
* sendalltelemetryenabled - boolean - MAU to send telemetry or not
* disableinsidercheckbox - boolean - If insider checkbox is disabled
* startdaemononapplaunch - boolean - MAU daemon launches on app start
* updatecache - VARCHAR(255) - MAU's update cache location, if set
* vl_license_type - VARCHAR(255) - Perpetual license type
* registeredapplications - longtext - JSON array of applications registered with MAU and if they have an update
* mau_privilegedhelpertool - boolean - If MAU helper tool is installed
* autoupdate_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - MAU version
* autoupdate_mas - boolean - If MAU is from MAS
* excel_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Excel version
* excel_mas - boolean - If Excel is from MAS
* excel_office_generation - INT(11) - Excel generation (2016/2019)
* onedrive_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - OneDrive version
* onedrive_mas - boolean - If OneDrive is from MAS
* onenote_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - OneNote version
* onenote_mas - boolean - If OneNote is from MAS
* onenote_office_generation - INT(11) - OneNote generation (2016/2019)
* outlook_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Outlook version
* outlook_mas - boolean - If Outlook is from MAS
* outlook_office_generation - INT(11) - Outlook generation (2016/2019)
* powerpoint_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - PowerPoint version
* powerpoint_mas - boolean - If PowerPoint is from MAS
* powerpoint_office_generation - INT(11) - PowerPoint generation (2016/2019)
* remote_desktop_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Remote Desktop version
* remote_desktop_mas - boolean - If Remote Desktop is from MAS
* skype_for_business_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Skype for Business version
* skype_for_business_mas - boolean - If Skype for Business is from MAS
* word_app_version - VARCHAR(255) - Word version
* word_mas - boolean - If Word is from MAS
* word_office_generation - INT(11) - Word generation (2016/2019)
